1. How are network resouces geographically accessible?
   - Projects and VPC Networks are global; subnets within a VPC are regional
2. Which of the following is NOT true about the default VPC network? (D)
   A. The default VPC network is an auto-mod VPC, and so is created with a single subnet already in existence (with a range of IP addresses available for use))
   B. Each project comes with a default VPC network which can be deleted if not required
   C. The default network will come with pre-defined IP ranges; if you'd like to use specific IP ranges, create an additional custom VPC
   D. The default VPC network is a custome-mode VPC, and so a subnet must be created while create the default VPC network
3. Which of the following IP addresses are reserved in each subnet? E
   A. Network address (first address in the CIDR range)
   B. Default gateway address (second address in the CIDR range)
   C. Reserved address (second-to-last address in the CIDR range)
   D. Broadcast address (last address in the CIDR range)
   E. All of the above
 4. Which of the following is true about routes in GCP? E
   A. A route is a mapping of an IP range to a destination
   B. Routes tell the VPC network where to send packets destined for a particular IP address
   C. Every network has routes that let instances in a network send traffic directly to each other, even across subnets
   D. Every network has a default rout that directs packets to destinations that are outside the network
   E. All of the above
 5. WHich of the following is true about internal IP addresses inside a VPC? C
   A. Always ephemeral
   B. Usable across VPCs inside the same project
   C. Static or ephemeral
   D. Always static
 6. Which of the following is NOT true about external IP addresses inside a VPC? B
   A. Could be static or ephemeral
   B. Always static
   C. Only one resource at a time can use a static external IP address
   C. Static external IPs are always global
 7. Which of the following is NOT true about firewalls inside a VPC? A
   A. Firewall rules only apply between VPCs, not within individual instances or subnets within a VPC
   B. Firewall rules are preconfigured for routes within the default network
   C. Firewall rules can be setup for protocols, instances and directions
   D. Firewalls provide isolation between different networks in a cloud application
 8. How are Shared VPCs and regular VPCs different?
   - Shared VPC involves one VPC network across multiple projects; regular VPC involves multiple networks within a project
 9. Which of the following is NOT an advantage obtained by the use of VPC (Virtual Privae Clouds) within a GCP project? C
   A. Multi-tenancy
   B. Firewall isolation between different components of an app architecture
   C. Identity-aware proxying
   D. Convenience of DNS lookup within instances 
 10. Explain the hierarchy between projects, VPCs and subnets A
   A. Projects contain one or more VPCs; each VPC has one more subnets; shared VPCs are associated with an organization and can include multiple projects
 
